---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cmccloudv2_eip_port_forwarding_rule Resource - terraform-provider-cmccloudv2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cmccloudv2_eip_port_forwarding_rule (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cmccloudv2_eip_port_forwarding_rule" "rule1"{
    eip_id              = "9d3e1177-7bc4-4a05-a96e-06a117720965"
    protocol            = "tcp"
    internal_ip_address = "192.168.0.151"
    internal_port_id    = "aa2b0794-3a8e-4c61-a11e-a9dd23af5c04"
    internal_port       = "443"
    external_port       = "443"
    description         = "web port"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `eip_id` (String) The ID of the EIP to attach the port forwarding rule to
- `internal_ip_address` (String) The fixed IPv4 address of the port associated to the EIP port forwarding rule.
- `internal_port_id` (String) The ID of the internal port to attach the port forwarding rule to
- `protocol` (String) The protocol for the port forwarding rule. A valid value is tcp, udp, sctp, icmp, icmp6, or dccp.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the port forwarding rule. Changing this updates the port forwarding rule's description.
- `external_port` (Number) The external port number of the port forwarding rule. A valid value is between 1 and 65535.
- `external_port_range` (String) The external port range of the port forwarding rule. A valid value is a comma-separated list of ports or a range of ports (e.g., 1000-2000).
- `internal_port` (Number) The TCP/UDP/other protocol port number of the port fixed IP address associated to the floating ip port forwarding.. A valid value is between 1 and 65535.
- `internal_port_range` (String) The internal port range of the port forwarding rule. A valid value is a comma-separated list of ports or a range of ports (e.g., 1000-2000).
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)
