---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cmccloudv2_elb_pool_member Resource - terraform-provider-cmccloudv2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cmccloudv2_elb_pool_member (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# attach member to a pool
resource "cmccloudv2_elb_pool_member" "member_1"{
    pool_id			= "b9d75072-c2f1-41d5-900b-ac2bbe55ec65"
    name 			= "ecs-aunx"
    address 		= "192.168.0.4"
    protocol_port 	= 80
    weight			= 1
    monitor_address = "192.168.0.4"
    monitor_port 	= 80
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) The IP address of the backend member server
- `name` (String) The name of the member
- `pool_id` (String) The ID of the pool to attach the member to
- `protocol_port` (Number) The protocol port number for the backend member server.
- `weight` (Number) The weight of a member determines the portion of requests or connections it services compared to the other members of the pool. For example, a member with a weight of 10 receives five times as many requests as a member with a weight of 2. A value of 0 means the member does not receive new connections but continues to service existing connections. A valid value is from 0 to 256. Default is 1.

### Optional

- `backup` (Boolean) Is the member a backup? Backup members only receive traffic when all non-backup members are down.
- `monitor_address` (String) An alternate IP address used for health monitoring a backend member
- `monitor_port` (Number) An alternate protocol port used for health monitoring a backend member
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet ID the member service is accessible from.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation time of the member
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `operating_status` (String) Shows the real runtime health of the member.
- `provisioning_status` (String) The state of the operation — in other words, whether member is still creating, updating, or deleting the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)
