---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cmccloudv2_elb_healthmonitor Resource - terraform-provider-cmccloudv2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cmccloudv2_elb_healthmonitor (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# create Health Monitor using PING/TCP/TLS-HELLO/UDP-CONNECT/SCTP protocol
resource "cmccloudv2_elb_healthmonitor" "health_monitor_1"{
	name    			= "health_monitor_1"
	pool_id 			= "fcd14e84-578f-46b7-ba2e-b88862903332"
	type    			= "PING"
	
    max_retries_down 	= 5
    delay            	= 5
    max_retries      	= 5
    timeout          	= 5
}

# create Health Monitor using HTTP/HTTPS protocol
resource "cmccloudv2_elb_healthmonitor" "health_monitor_2"{
	name    			= "health_monitor_2"
	pool_id 			= "fcd14e84-578f-46b7-ba2e-b88862903332"
	type    			= "HTTP"
	
    max_retries_down 	= 5
    delay            	= 5
    max_retries      	= 5
    timeout          	= 5
   
    http_method    		= "GET"
    expected_codes 		= "200-209"
    url_path       		= "/"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `delay` (Number) The time, in seconds, between sending probes to members.
- `max_retries` (Number) The number of successful checks before changing the operating status of the member to ONLINE. A valid value is from 1 to 10.
- `name` (String) The name of the health monitor
- `pool_id` (String) The ID of the pool to attach the health monitor to
- `timeout` (Number) The maximum time, in seconds, that a monitor waits to connect before it times out. This value must be less than the delay value.
- `type` (String) The type of health monitor. A valid value is HTTP, HTTPS, PING, TCP, TLS-HELLO, UDP-CONNECT, or SCTP.

### Optional

- `domain_name` (String) The domain name, which be injected into the HTTP Host Header to the backend server for HTTP health check.
- `expected_codes` (String) The list of HTTP status codes expected in response from the member to declare it healthy. Specify one of the following values: A single value, such as 200. A list, such as 200, 202. A range, such as 200-204. The default is 200.
- `http_method` (String) The HTTP method that the health monitor uses for requests
- `max_retries_down` (Number) The number of allowed check failures before changing the operating status of the member to ERROR. A valid value is from 1 to 10. The default is 3.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `url_path` (String) The HTTP URL path of the request sent by the monitor to test the health of a backend member. Must be a string that begins with a forward slash (/). The default URL path is /

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation time of the health monitor
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `operating_status` (String) Shows the real runtime health of the health monitor.
- `provisioning_status` (String) The state of the operation — in other words, whether health monitor is still creating, updating, or deleting the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)
