---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cmccloudv2_subnet Resource - terraform-provider-cmccloudv2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cmccloudv2_subnet (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cmccloudv2_subnet" "subnet_1" {
    name 			= "subnet_1"
    vpc_id 			= "b116eaac-129c-4e45-9c66-f3e1297b5f5b"
    enable_dhcp 	= true
	ip_version 		= 4
    gateway_ip 		= "192.168.1.1"
    cidr 			= "192.168.1.0/24"
	tags 			= [{"key": "env", "value": "prod"}]
    dns_nameservers = [ "183.91.10.1", "183.91.10.2" ]
    allocation_pools {
        start 	= "192.168.1.2"
        end 	= "192.168.1.254"
    } 
    host_routes {
        destination = "192.168.1.0/24"
        nexthop 	= "192.168.1.1"
    }
    host_routes {
        destination = "192.168.2.0/24"
        nexthop 	= "192.168.2.1"
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidr` (String) CIDR representing IP range for this subnet, based on IP version
- `name` (String) The name of the subnet. Changing this updates the name of the existing subnet.
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of VPC

### Optional

- `allocation_pools` (Block List) A block declaring the start and end range of the IP addresses available for use with DHCP in this subnet. Multiple allocation_pool blocks can be declared, providing the subnet with more than one range of IP addresses to use with DHCP. However, each IP range must be from the same CIDR that the subnet is part of (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allocation_pools))
- `dns_nameservers` (List of String) A list of DNS name server names used by hosts in this subnet. Changing this updates the DNS name servers for the existing subnet.
- `enable_dhcp` (Boolean) The administrative state of the network. Changing this value enables or disables the DHCP capabilities of the existing subnet. Defaults to true
- `gateway_ip` (String) The IP address of the gateway. Changing this updates the gateway IP of the existing subnet.
- `host_routes` (Block List) A list of host routes to be injected into the metadata of the server. Multiple host_routes blocks can be declared (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--host_routes))
- `ip_version` (Number) IP version, either 4 (default) or 6
- `tags` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tags))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--allocation_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allocation_pools`

Required:

- `end` (String) The end IP address of the IP address range for the allocation pool. Changing this updates the end of the existing allocation pool.
- `start` (String) The start IP address of the IP address range for the allocation pool. Changing this updates the start of the existing allocation pool.


<a id="nestedblock--host_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_routes`

Required:

- `destination` (String) The destination IP address or CIDR block used for the host route. Changing this updates the destination of the existing host route.
- `nexthop` (String) The next hop IP address used by the router for forwarding traffic to the destination. Changing this updates the next hop of the existing host route.


<a id="nestedblock--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the tag
- `value` (String) The value of the tag


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
